---
layout: homepage/homepage
title:  "gov.au homepage"
description: gov.au homepage
categories: homepage
include_on_homepage: true
---
#### Benefits & payments

Government benefits, payments and pensions for Australians needing support.

#### Small business and larger business

Registrations, compliance, grants advice and support for Australian businesses and industry.

#### Consumer rights

Consumer rights to a repair, replacement or refund and compensation for damages and loss.

#### Crime, justice & law

Police, courts, prisons and juvenile institutions, and other corrective and treatment services.

#### Culture, sports & the arts

Grants, programs, opportunities and policies encouraging Australian culture, arts and sports.

#### Education

Australian schools, Australian curriculum, early childhood, higher education and support for Indigenous education.

#### Environment

Energy efficiency, weather, environmental management and protection, pollution, biodiversity and natural resources.

#### Family & community

Births, deaths and marriages, childcare, housing and property, relationships and social issues.

#### Health

Hospitals, disability insurance, children’s health, mental health, workplace health and safety, drug and alcohol services.

#### Housing & property

Public and community housing, emergency and temporary accommodation and government grants and information about buying, selling or renting housing, property and land.

#### Immigration, visas & citizenship

Australian citizenship, customs, work and study visas and migration to Australia.

#### Jobs & work

Careers, job search, disability employment, pay rates and rights in the workplace.

#### Money & tax

Tax returns, ABNs, superannuation, personal finance and financial regulation.

#### Transport

oad rules, licensing, registration, public transport and traffic conditions.

#### Travel & tourism

Passports, travelling overseas, embassies and consulates, customs and quarantine.

